.TH "XmHierarchy" "library call"
.SH "NAME"
\fBXmHierarchy\fR \(em The Hierarchy widget class
.iX "XmHierarchy"
.iX "Hierarchy" "hierarchy"
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.PP
.nf
#include <Xm/Hierarchy\&.h>
.fi
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.PP
The Hierarchy widget is not intended to be instantiated itself, but rather should be 
used as the base class for any widget that would like to present a hierarchy of information 
to the user that is different for the actual widget instance hierarchy of the application. 
This base class is currently used for two widgets in the OpenMotif widget set, Tree 
and Outline, giving those two widgets a very similar API.
.PP
Note: The Hierarchy widget assumes that it will be totally responsible for mapping 
and unmapping its children. Therefore no child of this widget should ever modify its 
mappedWhenManaged resource. If a child does modify this resource the behavior is 
undefined.
.SS "Classes"
.PP
Hierarchy inherits behaviour, resources, and traits from \fBCore\fP,
\fBComposite\fP, \fBComposite\fP, \fBConstraint\fP, and \fBXmManager\fP classes\&.
.PP
The class pointer is \fBxmHierarchyWidgetClass\fP\&.
.PP
The class name is \fBXmHierarchy\fR\&.
.SS "New Resources"
.PP
.TS
tab() box;
c s s s s
l| l| l| l| l.
\fBXmHierarchy Resource Set\fP
\fBName\fP\fBClass\fP\fBType\fP\fBDefault\fP\fBAccess\fP
_____
XmNautoCloseXmCAutoCloseBooleanTrueCSG
_____
XmNcloseFolderPixmapXmCPixmapPixmapXmUNSPECIFIED_PIXMAPCSG
_____
XmNhorizontalMarginXmCDimensionDimension2CSG
_____
XmNnodeStateCallbackXmCNodeStateCallbackXtCallbackListNULLC
_____
XmNopenFolderPixmapXmCPixmapPixmapXmUNSPECIFIED_PIXMAPCSG
_____
XmNrefigureModeXmCBooleanBooleanTrueCSG
_____
XmNverticalMarginXmCDimensionDimension2CSG
_____
.TE
.IP "\fBXmNautoClose\fP" 10
This resource determines if the hierarchy should automatically restore a parent 
node's children when the parent node is reopened. If autoClose is False, and the 
hierarchy is fully expanded when the root node is closed, then the entire hierarchy 
will be displayed as expanded when the root node is reopened. If autoClose is 
True, then the root node's children are closed when the root node is reopened\&.
.IP "\fBXmNcloseFolderPixmap\fP" 10
This resource defines a pixmap for the closed representation of the folder pixmap
to be used throughout the tree\&. It can be a color pixmap or bitmap. If the user
does not specify a pixmap the default bitmap will be used\&.
.IP "\fBXmNhorizontalMargin\fP" 10
.IP "\fBXmNverticalMargin\fP" 10
The exact definition of these resources are left to the subclass of the hierarchy 
widget that does the geometry layout\&. They are intended to be used as the amount 
of space between the object and the edges of the window it is displayed in\&. They 
are included here for consistency\&.
.IP "\fBXmNopenFolderPixmap\fP" 10
This resource defines a pixmap for the open representation of the folder pixmap to
be used throughout the tree . It can be a color pixmap or bitmap. If the user does
not specify a pixmap the default opened folder bitmap\&.
.IP "\fBXmNnodeStateCallback\fP" 10
The list of callback routines called when a folder button is clicked. See "Callback
Routine" for more details.
.IP "\fBXmNrefigureMode\fP" 10
This resource determines whether the Hierarchy should adjust the sizes of the 
children after a geometry or resize request, or simply ignore the request. This 
resource is very useful in improving the performance of an application that is 
making a large number of geometry changes all at once.
.TS
tab() box;
c s s s s
l| l| l| l| l.
\fBXmHierarchy Constraint Resource Set\fP
\fBName\fP\fBClass\fP\fBType\fP\fBDefault\fP\fBAccess\fP
_____
XmNinsertBeforeXmCInsertbeforeWidgetNULLCSG
_____
XmNnodeStateXmCNodeStateXMHierarchyNodeStateXmOpenCSG
_____
XmNparentNodeXmCParentNodeWidgetNULLCSG
_____
.TE
.IP "\fBXmNinsertBefore\fP" 10
Specifies another node that has the same parentNode. This node will then be 
placed immediately before that node in the hierarchy. If this value is NULL then 
the node will be inserted at the end of the list. This resource allows the hierarchy's 
children to be reordered.
.IP "\fBXmNnodeState\fP" 10
The state of this node. Acceptable values are: XmOpen, XmClosed, XmAlwaysOpen, 
and XmHidden. A type converter has been registered that can convert the 
following strings: "open", "close", "alwaysOpen", and "hidden".
.IP "\fBXmNparentNode\fP" 10
The hierarchy parent of this node. The parent node MUST be a widget sibling of 
the current node.
.SS "Inherited Resources"
.PP
Hierarchy inherits behavior and resources from the
superclasses described in the following tables\&.
For a complete description of each resource, refer to the
reference page for that superclass\&.
.PP
.TS
tab() box;
c s s s s
l| l| l| l| l.
\fBXmManager Resource Set\fP
\fBName\fP\fBClass\fP\fBType\fP\fBDefault\fP\fBAccess\fP
_____
XmNbottomShadowColorXmCBottomShadowColorPixeldynamicCSG
_____
XmNbottomShadowPixmapXmCBottomShadowPixmapPixmapXmUNSPECIFIED_PIXMAPCSG
_____
XmNforegroundXmCForegroundPixeldynamicCSG
_____
XmNhelpCallbackXmCCallbackXtCallbackListNULLC
_____
XmNhighlightColorXmCHighlightColorPixeldynamicCSG
_____
XmNhighlightPixmapXmCHighlightPixmapPixmapdynamicCSG
_____
XmNinitialFocusXmCInitialFocusWidgetdynamicCSG
_____
XmNlayoutDirectionXmCLayoutDirectionXmDirectiondynamicCG
_____
XmNnavigationTypeXmCNavigationTypeXmNavigationTypeXmTAB_GROUPCSG
_____
XmNpopupHandlerCallbackXmCCallbackXtCallbackListNULLC
_____
XmNshadowThicknessXmCShadowThicknessDimensiondynamicCSG
_____
XmNstringDirectionXmCStringDirectionXmStringDirectiondynamicCG
_____
XmNtopShadowColorXmCTopShadowColorPixeldynamicCSG
_____
XmNtopShadowPixmapXmCTopShadowPixmapPixmapdynamicCSG
_____
XmNtraversalOnXmCTraversalOnBooleanTrueCSG
_____
XmNunitTypeXmCUnitTypeunsigned chardynamicCSG
_____
XmNuserDataXmCUserDataXtPointerNULLCSG
_____
.TE
.PP
.TS
tab() box;
c s s s s
l| l| l| l| l.
\fBComposite Resource Set\fP
\fBName\fP\fBClass\fP\fBType\fP\fBDefault\fP\fBAccess\fP
_____
XmNchildrenXmCReadOnlyWidgetListNULLG
_____
XmNinsertPositionXmCInsertPositionXtOrderProcNULLCSG
_____
XmNnumChildrenXmCReadOnlyCardinal0G
_____
.TE
.PP
.TS
tab() box;
c s s s s
l| l| l| l| l.
\fBCore Resource Set\fP
\fBName\fP\fBClass\fP\fBType\fP\fBDefault\fP\fBAccess\fP
_____
XmNacceleratorsXmCAcceleratorsXtAcceleratorsdynamicN/A
_____
XmNancestorSensitiveXmCSensitiveBooleandynamicG
_____
XmNbackgroundXmCBackgroundPixeldynamicCSG
_____
XmNbackgroundPixmapXmCPixmapPixmapXmUNSPECIFIED_PIXMAPCSG
_____
XmNborderColorXmCBorderColorPixelXtDefaultForegroundCSG
_____
XmNborderPixmapXmCPixmapPixmapXmUNSPECIFIED_PIXMAPCSG
_____
XmNborderWidthXmCBorderWidthDimension0CSG
_____
XmNcolormapXmCColormapColormapdynamicCG
_____
XmNdepthXmCDepthintdynamicCG
_____
XmNdestroyCallbackXmCCallbackXtCallbackListNULLC
_____
XmNheightXmCHeightDimensiondynamicCSG
_____
XmNinitialResourcesPersistentXmCInitialResourcesPersistentBooleanTrueC
_____
XmNmappedWhenManagedXmCMappedWhenManagedBooleanTrueCSG
_____
XmNscreenXmCScreenScreen *dynamicCG
_____
XmNsensitiveXmCSensitiveBooleanTrueCSG
_____
XmNtranslationsXmCTranslationsXtTranslationsdynamicCSG
_____
XmNwidthXmCWidthDimensiondynamicCSG
_____
XmNxXmCPositionPosition0CSG
_____
XmNyXmCPositionPosition0CSG
_____
.TE
.PP
.SS "Callback Information"
.PP
When a folder is clicked, the routines registered on the XmNnodeStateCallback list
are passed a pointer to the following structure as client data:
.nf
typedef struct _XmHierarchyNodeStateData {
	Widget \fIwidget\fP;
	XmHierarchyNodeState \fIstate\fP;
} XmHierarchyNodeStateData;
.nf
.IP "\fIwidget\fP" 10
the child node of Hierarchy being opened or closed.
.IP "\fIstate\fP" 10
the current XmNnodeState (after the click) of the 
node. Legal values are XmOpen, XmClosed, XmAlwaysOpen, 
and XmHidden.
.PP
.SS Children
The hierarchy maintains IconButtons for each node in the hierarchy.
Setting openFolderPixmap or closeFolderPixmap is done through
XtSetValues. IconButtons may only be manipulated by the Hierarchy.
.SH RELATED
.PP
\fBComposite\fP(3),
\fBConstraint\fP(3),
\fBCore\fP(3),
\fBXmCreateHierarchy\fP(3),
\fBXmHierarchyGetChildNodes\fP(3),
\fBXmHierarchyOpenAllAncestors\fP(3),
\fBXmManager\fP(3)\&.
