...\" ** $Id: XmSlideContext.3,v 1.1 2002/01/10 20:56:16 jimk Exp $
...\" **
.TH XmSlideContext 3X "" "" "" ""
.ds )H Rick Scott
.ds ]W LessTifExtensions Version 8.0.8
.SH NAME
\fIXmSlideContext\fP \- The SlideContext widget class
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.sS
.iS
\&#include <Xm/SlideC.h>
.iE
.sE
.SH DESCRIPTION
.fi
SlideContext can be used to change a widgets geometry over a period of
time.
.PP 
Next paragraph
.PP 
Next paragraph
.SS "Classes"
SlideContext inherits behavior and resources from the
\fIObject\fP class.
.PP 
The class pointer is \fIXmSlideContextWidgetClass\fP.
.PP 
The class name is \fIXmSlideContext\fP.
.SS "New Resources"
The following table defines a set of widget resources used by the programmer
to specify data.  The programmer can also set the resource values for the
inherited classes to set attributes for this widget.  To reference a
resource by name or by class in a .Xdefaults file, remove the \fIXmN\fP or
\fIXmC\fP prefix and use the remaining letters.  To specify one of the defined
values for a resource in a .Xdefaults file, remove the \fIXm\fP prefix and use
the remaining letters (in either lowercase or uppercase, but include any
underscores between words).
The codes in the access column indicate if the given resource can be
set at creation time (C),
set by using \fIXtSetValues\fP (S),
retrieved by using \fIXtGetValues\fP (G), or is not applicable (N/A).
.P 
.sp 1
.in 0
.KS
.TS 
center;
cBp7 ssss
lBp6 lBp6 lBp6 lBp6 lBp6
lp6 lp6 lp6 lp6 lp6.
 XmSlideContext Resource Set
Name	Class	Type	Default	Access
_
XmNslideDestHeight	XtCSlideDestHeight	Dimension	variable	C
XmNslideDestWidth	XtCSlideDestWidth	Dimension	variable	C
XmNslideDestX	XtCSlideDestX	Position	variable	C
XmNslideDestY	XtCSlideDestY	Position	variable	C
XmNslideFinishCallback	XtCCallback	XtCallbackList	NULL	C
XmNslideInterval	XtCSlideInterval	int	5	C
XmNslideMotionCallback	XtCCallback	XtCallbackList	NULL	C
XmNslideWidget	XtCSlideWidget	Widget	NULL	C
.TE
.KE
.in
.sp 1

.IP "\fIXmNslideDestHeight\fP"
If not specified, the current height of XmNslideWidget is used.

.IP "\fIXmNslideDestWidth\fP"
If not specified, the current width of XmNslideWidget is used.

.IP "\fIXmNslideDestX\fP"
If not specified, the current x of XmNslideWidget is used.

.IP "\fIXmNslideDestY\fP"
If not specified, the current y of XmNslideWidget is used.

.IP "\fIXmNslideFinishCallback\fP"
Specifies the list of callbacks that is called when
the XmNslideWidget reaches it's destination.

.IP "\fIXmNslideInterval\fP"
The time between each geometry change. A value of 0 will set the destination
values on the first iteration.

.IP "\fIXmNslideMotionCallback\fP"
Specifies the list of callbacks that is called when
the widget geometry changes.

.IP "\fIXmNslideWidget\fP"
The widget to alter. This _must_ be specified during creation.

.SS "Inherited Resources"
SlideContext inherits behavior and resources from the following
superclasses.  For a complete description of each resource, refer to the
man page for that superclass.
.P 
.sp 1
.in 0
.KS
.TS 
center;
cBp7 ssss
lBp6 lBp6 lBp6 lBp6 lBp6
lp6 lp6 lp6 lp6 lp6.
 Object Resource Set
Name	Class	Type	Default	Access
_
XmNdestroyCallback	XmCCallback	XtCallbackList	NULL	C
XmNscreen	XmCScreen	Screen *	dynamic	CG
.wH
.tH
.TE
.KE
.in
.sp 1
.wH
.in  
...\" **
...\" .SS "Callback Information"
...\" A pointer to the following structure is passed to each callback:
...\" .sS
...\" .iS
...\" .ta .25i 1.1i
...\" .nf
...\" typedef struct
...\" {
...\" 	int	\fBreason\fI;
...\" } XmSlideContextCallbackStruct;
...\" .iE
...\" .sE
...\" .wH
...\" .fi
...\" .IP "\fBreason\fP"
...\" Indicates why the callback was invoked
.SS "Behavior"
XmSlideContext behavior is described below:
XmSlideContext installs an Xt timer that is called every XmNslideInterval
miliseconds. At each call of the timer proc the XmNslideWidget geometry is
adjusted such that the X/Y/Width/Height are 10 percent closer to the 
final values. The XmSlideContext is automatically destroyed when the
XmNslideWidget reaches its destination. If the XmNslideWidget is destroyed
before the slide is finished, the XmSlideContext is destroyed.

.SS "Virtual Bindings"
The bindings for virtual keys are vendor specific.
For information about bindings for virtual buttons and keys, see \fIVirtualBindings(3X)\fP.
.SH RELATED INFORMATION
.na
\fIObject(3X)\fP,
.ad
