.TH XmTabStack 3X 
.SH NAME
\fBXmTabStack\fP \- The TabStack widget class
.SH SYNOPSIS
.sS
.iS
\&#include <Xm/TabStack.h>
.iE
.sE
.SH DESCRIPTION
.iX "XmTabStack"
.iX "widget class" TabStack"
The XmTabStack widget manages a group of widgets such that only one
widget in the group is visible at a time. Each child is associated
with a "tab" that displays a text label and/or a pixmap. By selecting
the "tab" the user interactively determines which child is
displayed. This widget exhibits behavior similar to the Microsoft
Windows(TM) Tab Control.
.PP
The tabs can be configured to appear above, below, to the right, and
to the left of a work area with the text oriented in any of the four
cardinal directions.
.PP
The TabStack allows the user to select, either by pointer or keyboard
traversal, tabs.  When a tab is selected it changes appearance so
that it appears to be raised above the other tabs.  When a tab is
selected the child associated with the tab is made visible. One tab is
selected at all times.
.SS "Classes"
TabStack inherits behavior and resources form \fBCore\fP, \fBComposite\fP,
\fBConstraint\fP, \fBXmManager\fP and \fBXmBulletinBoard\*0 Classes.
.PP
The class pointer is \fBxmTabStackWidgetClass\fP.
.PP
The class name is \fBXmTabStack\fP.
.SS "New Resources"
The following table defines a set of widget resources used by the
programmer to specify data.  The programmer can also set the resource
values for the inherited classes to set attributes for this widget.  To
reference a resource by name or by class in a .Xdefaults file, remove
the \fBXmN\fP or \fBXmC\fP prefix and use the remaining letters.  To
specify one of the defined values for a resource in a .Xdefaults file,
remove the \fBXm\fP or prefix and use the remaining letters
(in either lowercase or uppercase, but include any underscores between
words).
The codes in the access column indicate if the given resource can be
set at creation time(C),
set by using \fBXtSetValues\fP (S),
retrieved by using \fBXtGetValues\fP (G), or is not applicable (N/A).
.PP
.TS
center ;
CB ss
lB lB lB
lB lB lB
l l l.
XmTabStack Resource Set
_
Name	Default	Access
\ \ \ \ \ \ Class	\ \ \ \ \ \ Type
_
_
./"XmNallowTearOffTabs	True	CSG
./"\ \ \ \ \ \ XmCAllowTearOffTabs	\ \ \ \ \ \ Boolean
./"_
XmNfontList	Dynamic	CSG
\ \ \ \ \ \ XmCFontList	\ \ \ \ \ \ XmFontList
_
XmNhighlightThickness	2	CSG
\ \ \ \ \ \ XmCHighlightThickness	\ \ \ \ \ \ Dimension
_
XmNstackedEffect	True	CSG
\ \ \ \ \ \ XmCStackedEffect	\ \ \ \ \ \ Boolean
_
XmNtabAutoSelect	True	CG
\ \ \ \ \ \ XmCTabAutoSelect	\ \ \ \ \ \ Boolean
_
XmNtabCornerPercent	40	CSG
\ \ \ \ \ \ XmCTabCornerPercent	\ \ \ \ \ \ int
_
XmNtabLabelSpacing	2	CSG
\ \ \ \ \ \ XmCTabLabelSpacing	\ \ \ \ \ \ Dimension
_
XmNtabMarginHeight	3	CSG
\ \ \ \ \ \ XmCTabMarginHeight	\ \ \ \ \ \ Dimension
_
XmNtabMarginWidth	3	CSG
\ \ \ \ \ \ XmCTabMarginWidth	\ \ \ \ \ \ Dimension
_
XmNtabMode	XmTABS_BASIC	CSG
\ \ \ \ \ \ XmCTabMode	\ \ \ \ \ \ int
_
XmNtabOffset	10	CSG
\ \ \ \ \ \ XmCTabOffset	\ \ \ \ \ \ Dimension
_
XmNtabOrientation	Dynamic	CSG
\ \ \ \ \ \ XmCTabOrientation	\ \ \ \ \ \ int
_
XmNtabSelectColor	Dynamic	CSG
\ \ \ \ \ \ XmCTabSelectColor	\ \ \ \ \ \ Pixel
_
XmNtabSelectedCallback	NULL	CS
\ \ \ \ \ \ XmCCallback	\ \ \ \ \ \ XtCallbackList
_
XmNtabSelectPixmap	XmUNSPECIFIED_PIXMAP	CSG
\ \ \ \ \ \ XmCTabSelectPixmap	\ \ \ \ \ \ Pixmap
_
XmNtabSide	XmTABS_ON_TOP	CSG
\ \ \ \ \ \ XmCTabSide	\ \ \ \ \ \ int
_
XmNtabStyle	XmTABS_BEVELED	CSG
\ \ \ \ \ \ XmCTabStyle	\ \ \ \ \ \ int
_
XmNuniformTabSize	True	CSG
\ \ \ \ \ \ XmCUniformTabSize	\ \ \ \ \ \ Boolean
_
XmNuseImageCache	True	CSG
\ \ \ \ \ \ XmCUseImageCache	\ \ \ \ \ \ Boolean
_
.TE
.wH .in
.VL
./".IP "\fBXmNallowTearOffTabs\fP"
./"Specifies if the user is allowed to tear-off tabs and place them
./"within other XmTabStacks. The tear-off mechanism only works with
./"XmTabStacks in the same process space.
.IP "\fBXmNfontList\fP"
Specifies the XmFontList to use when drawing the label strings for the
tabs.
.IP "\fBXmNhighlightThickness\fP"
Specifies the thickness of the rectangle drawn around the label string
and label pixmap of the tab with keyboard traversal.
.IP "\fBXmNstackedEffect\fP"
Specifies if the visuals should depict a stack of folders, True, or if
the XmTabStack should use all available space for its children, False.
.IP "\fBXmNtabAutoSelect\fP"
Specifies if a tab is automatically selected when it receives keyboard
traversal.
.IP "\fBXmNtabCornerPercent\fP"
Specifies the percent of the font height that should be used for the
corner visual.
.IP "\fBXmNtabLabelSpacing\fP"
Specifies the amount of space to leave between a text label and a
pixmap in the tab area.
.IP "\fBXmNtabMarginHeight\fP"
Specifies the vertical border that is placed around the label area of
a tab.
.IP "\fBXmNtabMarginWidth\fP"
Specifies the horizontal border that is placed around the label area
of a tab.
.IP "\fBXmNtabMode\fP"
Specifies the mode in which the XmTabStack distributes the tabs. Valid
values for this resource include:
.wH .rs
.RS
.TP
\fBXmTABS_BASIC\fP
Distributes the tabs in either a vertical or
horizontal row and clips the tabs if there is not enough room to
display all the tabs. 
.\" .TP
.\" \fBXmTABS_SCROLLED\fP
.\" Distributes the tabs in either a vertical or horizontal row. If there
.\" is not enough room to display all the tabs arrow are displayed to
.\" allow the user to scroll through the list of available tabs.
.TP
\fBXmTABS_STACKED\fP
Distributes the tabs in either a vertical or horizontal row. If there
is not enough room to display all the tabs additional rows are added.
When a tab is selected, its row is moved next to the children in the
stack. 
.TP
\fBXmTABS_STACKED_STATIC\fP
Distributes the tabs in either a vertical or horizontal row. If there
is not enough room to display all the tabs additional rows are
added. The positions of rows are not changed when tabs are selected.
.\" .TP
.\" \fBXmTABS_OVERLAYED\fP
.\" Distributes the tabs in either a vertical or horizontal row. If there
.\" is not enough room to display all the tabs then the tabs are colapsed
.\" at the ends and a popup menu of the available tabs can be displayed
.\" using mouse button 3.
.RE
.wH .rE
.IP "\fBXmNtabOffset\fP"
Specifies the amount of indentation used to stagger the tab rows when
displaying tabs in either the \fBXmTABS_STACKED\fP or
\fBXmTABS_STACKED_STATIC\fP mode.
.IP "\fBXmNtabOrientation\fP"
Specifies the orientation of the tab, and the rotation factor of
the tab label. Valid values for this resource include:
.wH .rs
.RS
.TP
\fBXmTAB_ORIENTATION_DYNAMIC\fP
Specifies that the orientation of the tabs should be calculated
dynamically based on the \fBXmNtabSide\fP resource.
.TP
\fBXmTABS_LEFT_TO_RIGHT\fP
Specifies that the text appears at the default rotation.
.TP
\fBXmTABS_RIGHT_TO_LEFT\fP
Specifies that the text appears upside down.
.TP
\fBXmTABS_TOP_TO_BOTTOM\fP
Specifies that the text should be rotated to the vertical position
with the first character drawn at the lowest y position and the bottom
of the text faces the lowest x position.
.TP
\fBXmTABS_BOTTOM_TO_TOP\fP
Specifies that the text should be rotated to the vertical, position
with the first character drawn at the highest y position and the bottom
of the text faces the highest x position.
.RE
.wH .rE
.IP "\fBXmNtabSelectColor\fP"
Specifies the color of the selected tab.
.IP "\fBXmNtabSelectedCallback\fP"
Specifies the list of callbacks to call when a child becomes the
selected tab.
.IP "\fBXmNtabSelectPixmap\fP"
Specifies the pixmap of the selected tab.
.IP "\fBXmNtabSide\fP"
Specifies the location of the tab with respect to the children of the
XmTabStack. Valid values for this resource include:
.wH .rs
.RS
.TP
\fBXmTABS_ON_TOP\fP
Specifies that the tabs should be placed above the children.
.TP
\fBXmTABS_ON_BOTTOM\fP
Specifies that the tabs should be placed below the children.
.TP
\fBXmTABS_ON_RIGHT\fP
Specifies that the tabs should be placed to the right of the children.
.TP
\fBXmTABS_ON_LEFT\fP
Specifies that the tabs should be placed to the left of the children.
.RE
.wH .rE
.IP "\fBXmNtabStyle\fP"
Specifies the appearance of the tabs associated with the children
of the XmTabStack. Valid values for this resource include:
.wH .rs
.RS
.TP
\fBXmTABS_BEVELED\fP
Draws the corners of the tabs as an angled line. 
.TP
\fBXmTABS_ROUNDED\fP
Draws the corners of the tabs as a quarter of a circle.
.TP
\fBXmTABS_SQUARED\fP
Draws the tabs as rectangles.
.RE
.wH .rE
.IP "\fBXmNuniformTabSize\fP"
Determines if all tabs should have a uniform major dimension,
where the major dimension is width if the tab orientation is
\fBXmTABS_LEFT_TO_RIGHT\fP or \fBXmTABS_RIGHT_TO_LEFT\fP or height if
the tab orientation is \fBXmTABS_TOP_TO_BOTTOM\fP or
\fBXmTABS_BOTTOM_TO_TOP\fP. When \fBXmNtabMode\fP is either
\fBXmTABS_STACKED\fP or \fBXmTABS_STACKED_STATIC\fP, this resource is forced
to True.
.IP "\fBXmNuseImageCache\fP"
Destermines if the Xmmages used for rotating text and pixmaps should
be cached. This increases performance but uses up more memory.
.sp
.wH .in 0
.TS
center ;
CB ss
lB lB lB
lB lB lB
l l l.
XmTabStack Constraint Resource Set
_
Name	Default	Access
\ \ \ \ \ \ Class	\ \ \ \ \ \ Type
_
_
XmNfreeTabPixmap	False	CSG
\ \ \ \ \ \ XmCFreeTabPixmap	\ \ \ \ \ \ Boolean
_
XmNtabAlignment	XmALIGNMENT_CENTER	CSG
\ \ \ \ \ \ XmCAlignment	\ \ \ \ \ \ unsigned char
_
XmNtabBackground	Dynamic	CSG
\ \ \ \ \ \ XmCBackground	\ \ \ \ \ \ Pixel
_
XmNtabBackgroundPixmap	Dynamic	CSG
\ \ \ \ \ \ XmCBackgroundPixmap	\ \ \ \ \ \ Pixmap
_
XmNtabForeground	Dynamic	CSG
\ \ \ \ \ \ XmCForeground	\ \ \ \ \ \ Pixel
_
XmNtabLabelPixmap	XmUNSPECIFIED_PIXMAP	CSG
\ \ \ \ \ \ XmCTabLabelPixmap	\ \ \ \ \ \ Pixmap
_
XmNtabLabelString	NULL	CSG
\ \ \ \ \ \ XmCTabLabelString	\ \ \ \ \ \ XmString
_
XmNtabPixmapPlacement	XmPIXMAP_RIGHT	CSG
\ \ \ \ \ \ XmCTabPixmapPlacement	\ \ \ \ \ \ XmPixmapPlacement
_
XmNtabStringDirection	XmSTRING_DIRECTION_DEFAULT	CSG
\ \ \ \ \ \ XmCTabStringDirection	\ \ \ \ \ \ unsigned char
_
.\" XmNtabTearOffEnabled	True	CSG
.\" \ \ \ \ \ \ XmCTabTearOffEnabled	\ \ \ \ \ \ Boolean
.\" _
.TE
.wH .in
.VL
.IP "\fBXmNfreeTabPixmap\fP"
Specifies that the pixmaps assigned to the \fBXmNlabelPixmap\fP
resources should be freed when the widget is destroyed.
.IP "\fBXmNtabAlignment\fP"
Specifies the alignment of the tab label. Valid values for this
resource include:
.wH .rs
.RS
.TP
\fBXmALIGNMENT_BEGINNING\fP
Aligns the label to the left side of the available space.
.TP
\fBXmALIGNMENT_CENTER\fP
Aligns the label centered in the available space.
.TP
\fBXmALIGNMENT_END\fP
Aligns the label to the right side of the available space.
.RE
.wH .rE
.IP "\fBXmNtabBackground\fP"
Specifies the background pixel for the tab.
.IP "\fBXmNtabBackgroundPixmap\fP"
Specifies the background pixmap for the tab.
.IP "\fBXmNtabForeground\fP"
Specifies the foreground pixel for the tab.
.IP "\fBXmNtabLabelPixmap\fP"
Specifies the pixmap to display in the tab label.
.IP "\fBXmNtabLabelString\fP"
Specifies the XmString to display as the textual portion of the tab
label. This is copied when set on the widget. The value fetched via
XtGetValues should not be freed as it returns a pointer to the widgets
value. If you wish to use the value returned from XtGetValues use
XmStringCopy the returned value.
.IP "\fBXmNtabPixmapPlacement\fP"
Specifies the location of the pixmap with respect to the text in the
tab label. Valid values for this resource include:
.wH .rs
.RS
.TP
\fBXmPIXMAP_TOP\fP
Specifies that the pixmap should be above the XmString.
.TP
\fBXmPIXMAP_BOTTOM\fP
Specifies that the pixmap should be below the XmString.
.TP
\fBXmPIXMAP_RIGHT\fP
Specifies that the pixmap should be to the right of the XmString.
.TP
\fBXmPIXMAP_LEFT\fP
Specifies that the pixmap should be to the left of the XmString.
.TP
\fBXmPIXMAP_ONLY\fP
Specifies that only the pixmap portion of the tab label should be
displayed. 
.TP
\fBXmPIXMAP_NONE\fP
Specifies that only the XmString portion of the tab label should be
displayed.
.RE
.wH .rE
.IP "\fBXmNtabStringDirection\fP"
Specifies the string direction for the XmString portion of the tab
label. Valid values for this resouce include:
.wH .re
.RS
.TP
\fBXmSTRING_DIRECTION_L_TO_R\fP
Left to right
.TP
\fBXmSTRING_DIRECTION_R_TO_L\fP
Right to left
.RE
.wH .rS
.\" .IP "\fBXmNtabTearOffEnabled\fP"
.\" Specifies the this tab is enabled to be torn of and dragged to another
.\" XmTabStack within a process space. This resource is ignored it the
.\" XmTabStack resource \fBXmNallowTearOffTabs\fP is False.
.sp
.wH .in 0
.SS "Inherited Resources"
TabStack inherits behavior and resources from the following
superclasses. For a complete description of each resource, refer to
the man page for that superclass.
.sp
.TS 
center ;
cB ss
lB lB lB
l l l.
XmBulletinBoard Resource Set
Name	Default Access
\ \ \ \ \ \ Class	\ \ \ \ \ \ Type
_
_
XmNallowOverlap	True	CSG
\ \ \ \ \ \ XmCAllowOverlap	\ \ \ \ \ \ Boolean
_
XmNautoUnmanage	False	CG
\ \ \ \ \ \ XmCAutoUnmanage	\ \ \ \ \ \ Boolean
_
XmNbuttonFontList	dynamic	CSG
\ \ \ \ \ \ XmCButtonFontList	\ \ \ \ \ \ XmFontList
_
XmNcancelButton	NULL	SG
\ \ \ \ \ \ XmCWidget	\ \ \ \ \ \ Widget
_
XmNdefaultButton	NULL	SG
\ \ \ \ \ \ XmCWidget	\ \ \ \ \ \ Widget
_
XmNdefaultPosition	True	CSG
\ \ \ \ \ \ XmCDefaultPosition	\ \ \ \ \ \ Boolean
_
XmNdialogStyle	dynamic	CSG
\ \ \ \ \ \ XmCDialogStyle	\ \ \ \ \ \ unsigned char
_
XmNdialogTitle	NULL	CSG
\ \ \ \ \ \ XmCDialogTitle	\ \ \ \ \ \ XmString
_
XmNfocusCallback	NULL	C
\ \ \ \ \ \ XmCCallback	\ \ \ \ \ \ XtCallbackList
_
XmNlabelFontList	dynamic	CSG
\ \ \ \ \ \ XmCLabelFontList	\ \ \ \ \ \ XmFontList
_
XmNmapCallback	NULL	C
\ \ \ \ \ \ XmCCallback	\ \ \ \ \ \ XtCallbackList
_
XmNmarginHeight	10	CSG
\ \ \ \ \ \ XmCMarginHeight	\ \ \ \ \ \ Dimension
_
XmNmarginWidth	10	CSG
\ \ \ \ \ \ XmCMarginWidth	\ \ \ \ \ \ Dimension
_
XmNnoResize	False	CSG
\ \ \ \ \ \ XmCNoResize	\ \ \ \ \ \ Boolean
_
.TE
.sp
.TS 
center ;
cB ss
lB lB lB
l l l.
XmManager Resource Set
_
Name	Default Access
\ \ \ \ \ \ Class	\ \ \ \ \ \ Type
_
_
XmNbottomShadowColor	dynamic	CSG
\ \ \ \ \ \ XmCBottomShadowColor	\ \ \ \ \ \ Pixel
_
XmNbottomShadowPixmap	XmUNSPECIFIED_PIXMAP	CSG
\ \ \ \ \ \ XmCBottomShadowPixmap	\ \ \ \ \ \ Pixmap
_
XmNforeground	dynamic	CSG
\ \ \ \ \ \ XmCForeground	\ \ \ \ \ \ Pixel
_
XmNhelpCallback	NULL	C
\ \ \ \ \ \ XmCCallback	\ \ \ \ \ \ XtCallbackList
_
XmNhighlightColor	dynamic	CSG
\ \ \ \ \ \ XmCHighlightColor	\ \ \ \ \ \ Pixel
_
XmNhighlightPixmap	dynamic	CSG
\ \ \ \ \ \ XmCHighlightPixmap	\ \ \ \ \ \ Pixmap
_
XmNinitialFocus	dynamic	CSG
\ \ \ \ \ \ XmCInitialFocus	\ \ \ \ \ \ Widget
_
XmNnavigationType	XmTAB_GROUP	CSG
\ \ \ \ \ \ XmCNavigationType	\ \ \ \ \ \ XmNavigationType
_
XmNshadowThickness	2	CSG
\ \ \ \ \ \ XmCShadowThickness	\ \ \ \ \ \ Dimension
_
XmNstringDirection	dynamic	CG
\ \ \ \ \ \ XmCStringDirection	\ \ \ \ \ \ XmStringDirection
_
XmNtopShadowColor	dynamic	CSG
\ \ \ \ \ \ XmCTopShadowColor	\ \ \ \ \ \ Pixel
_
XmNtopShadowPixmap	dynamic	CSG
\ \ \ \ \ \ XmCTopShadowPixmap	\ \ \ \ \ \ Pixmap
_
XmNtraversalOn	True	CSG
\ \ \ \ \ \ XmCTraversalOn	\ \ \ \ \ \ Boolean
_
XmNunitType	dynamic CSG
\ \ \ \ \ \ XmCUnitType	\ \ \ \ \ \ unsigned char
_
XmNuserData	NULL	CSG
\ \ \ \ \ \ XmCUserData	\ \ \ \ \ \ XtPointer
_
.TE
.sp
.TS 
center ;
cB ss
lB lB lB
l l l.
Composite Resource Set
_
Name	Default Access
\ \ \ \ \ \ Class	\ \ \ \ \ \ Type
_
_
XmNchildren	NULL	G
\ \ \ \ \ \ XmCReadOnly	\ \ \ \ \ \ WidgetList
_
XmNinsertPosition	NULL	CSG
\ \ \ \ \ \ XmCInsertPosition	\ \ \ \ \ \ XtOrderProc
_
XmNnumChildren	0	G
\ \ \ \ \ \ XmCReadOnly	\ \ \ \ \ \ Cardinal
_
.TE
.sp
.TS 
center ;
cB ss
lB lB lB
l l l.
Core Resource Set
_
Name	Default Access
\ \ \ \ \ \ Class	\ \ \ \ \ \ Type
_
_
XmNaccelerators	dynamic	N/A
\ \ \ \ \ \ XmCAccelerators	\ \ \ \ \ \ XtAccelerators
_
XmNancestorSensitive	dynamic	G
\ \ \ \ \ \ XmCSensitive	\ \ \ \ \ \ Boolean
_
XmNbackground	dynamic	CSG
\ \ \ \ \ \ XmCBackground	\ \ \ \ \ \ Pixel
_
XmNbackgroundPixmap	XmUNSPECIFIED_PIXMAP	CSG
\ \ \ \ \ \ XmCPixmap	\ \ \ \ \ \ Pixmap
_
XmNborderColor	XtDefaultForeground	CSG
\ \ \ \ \ \ XmCBorderColor	\ \ \ \ \ \ Pixel
_
XmNborderPixmap	XmUNSPECIFIED_PIXMAP	CSG
\ \ \ \ \ \ XmCPixmap	\ \ \ \ \ \ Pixmap
_
XmNborderWidth	0	CSG
\ \ \ \ \ \ XmCBorderWidth	\ \ \ \ \ \ Dimension
_
XmNcolormap	dynamic	CG
\ \ \ \ \ \ XmCColormap	\ \ \ \ \ \ Colormap
_
XmNdepth	dynamic	CG
\ \ \ \ \ \ XmCDepth	\ \ \ \ \ \ int
_
XmNdestroyCallback	NULL	C
\ \ \ \ \ \ XmCCallback	\ \ \ \ \ \ XtCallbackList
_
XmNheight	dynamic	CSG
\ \ \ \ \ \ XmCHeight	\ \ \ \ \ \ Dimension
_
XmNinitialResourcesPersistent	True	C
\ \ \ \ \ \ XmCInitialResourcesPersistent	\ \ \ \ \ \ Boolean
_
XmNmappedWhenManaged	True	CSG
\ \ \ \ \ \ XmCMappedWhenManaged	\ \ \ \ \ \ Boolean
_
XmNscreen	Screen*	dynamic
\ \ \ \ \ \ XmCScreen	\ \ \ \ \ \ Screen
_
XmNsensitive	True	CSG
\ \ \ \ \ \ XmCSensitive	\ \ \ \ \ \ Boolean
_
XmNtranslations	dynamic	CSG
\ \ \ \ \ \ XmCTranslations	\ \ \ \ \ \ XtTranslations
_
XmNwidth	dynamic	CSG
\ \ \ \ \ \ XmCWidth	\ \ \ \ \ \ Dimension
_
XmNx	0	CSG
\ \ \ \ \ \ XmCPosition	\ \ \ \ \ \ Position
_
XmNy	0	CSG
\ \ \ \ \ \ XmCPosition	\ \ \ \ \ \ Position
_
.TE
.wH .in
.SS "Calback Information"
A pointer to the following structure is passed to each callback:
.sp
.sp
.ps -1
.ft B
.nf
.ta .25i 1.li
typedef struct _XmTabStackCallbackStruct {
	int	\fIreason\fB;
	XEvent	\fI*event\fB;
	Widget	\fIselected_child\fB;
} XmTabStackCallbackStruct;
.ps +1
.ft R
.fi
.sp
.sp
.wH .fi
.VL .75i
.IP "\fIreason\fP"
Indicates why the callback was invoked. Valid callbacks reasons
include:
.wH .rs
.RS
.TP
\fBXmCR_TAB_SELECTED\fP
Indicates that a child has been made the selected widget.
.RE
.wH .rE
.IP "\fIevent\fP"
Points to the \fBXEvent\fP that triggered the callback.
.IP "\fIselected_child\fP"
Contains the widget ID of the selected child.
.RE
.SS "Translations"
XmTabStack includes the translations from the XmManager.
.sp
.nL
.ne 20
.SS "Additional Behavior"
The XmTabStack has no additional behavior.
.SS "Virtual Bindings"
The bindings for virtual keys are vendor specific.
For information about bindings for virtual buttons and keys, see \fBVirtualBindings(3X)\fP.
.SH RELATED INFORMATION
.na
\fBXmBulletinBoard\fP(3),
\fBComposite\fP(3),
\fBConstraint\fP(3),
\fBCore\fP(3),
\fBXmCreateTabStack\fP(3),
\fBXmManager\fP(3),
\fBXmVaCreateTabStack\fP(3), and
\fBXmVaCreateManagedTabStack\fP(3)\&.

