.\" $TOG: xmkmf.man /main/9 1998/02/06 11:25:04 kaleb $
.\" 
.\" @OPENGROUP_COPYRIGHT@
.\" COPYRIGHT NOTICE
.\" Copyright (c) 1990, 1991, 1992, 1993 Open Software Foundation, Inc.
.\" Copyright (c) 1996, 1997, 1998, 1999, 2000 The Open Group
.\" ALL RIGHTS RESERVED (MOTIF). See the file named COPYRIGHT.MOTIF for
.\" the full copyright text.
.\"  
.\" The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
.\" all copies or substantial portions of the Software.
.\" 
.\" This software is subject to an open license. It may only be
.\" used on, with or for operating systems which are themselves open
.\" source systems. You must contact The Open Group for a license
.\" allowing distribution and sublicensing of this software on, with,
.\" or for operating systems which are not Open Source programs.
.\" 
.\" See http://www.opengroup.org/openmotif/license for full
.\" details of the license agreement. Any use, reproduction, or
.\" distribution of the program constitutes recipient's acceptance of
.\" this agreement.
.\" 
.\" EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, THE PROGRAM IS
.\" PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
.\" KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY
.\" WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY
.\" OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
.\" 
.\" EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, NEITHER RECIPIENT
.\" NOR ANY CONTRIBUTORS SHALL HAVE ANY LIABILITY FOR ANY DIRECT,
.\" INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
.\" DAMAGES (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION LOST PROFITS), HOWEVER CAUSED
.\" AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT
.\" LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN
.\" ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OR DISTRIBUTION OF THE PROGRAM OR THE
.\" EXERCISE OF ANY RIGHTS GRANTED HEREUNDER, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE
.\" POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
.TH XMKMF 1 "Release 6.4" "X Version 11"
.SH NAME
xmkmf \- create a Makefile from an Imakefile
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B xmkmf
[ -a ] [
.I topdir
[
.I curdir
] ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
.I xmkmf
command is the normal way to create a
.I Makefile 
from an
.I Imakefile
shipped with third-party software.
.PP
When invoked with no arguments in a directory containing an
.I Imakefile,
the
.I imake
program is run with arguments appropriate for your system
(configured into
.I xmkmf
when X was built) and generates a
.I Makefile.
.PP
When invoked with the
.I \-a
option,
.I xmkmf
builds the
.I Makefile
in the current directory, and then automatically executes
``make Makefiles'' (in case there are subdirectories),
``make includes'',
and ``make depend'' for you.
This is the normal way to configure software that is outside
the X Consortium build tree.
.PP
If working inside the X Consortium build tree (unlikely unless you 
are an X developer, and even then this option is never really used), the
.I topdir
argument should be specified as the relative pathname from the
current directory to the top of the build tree.  Optionally,
.I curdir
may be specified as a relative pathname from the top of the build
tree to the current directory.  It is necessary to supply
.I curdir
if the current directory has subdirectories, or the
.I Makefile
will not be able to build the subdirectories.
If a
.I topdir
is given,
.I xmkmf
assumes nothing is installed on your system and looks for files in
the build tree instead of using the installed versions.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
imake(1)
