.\" $XConsortium: xmanimate.man /main/4 1995/07/17 10:46:33 drk $
...\" @OPENGROUP_COPYRIGHT@
...\" COPYRIGHT NOTICE
...\" Copyright (c) 1990, 1991, 1992, 1993 Open Software Foundation, Inc.
...\" Copyright (c) 1996, 1997, 1998, 1999, 2000 The Open Group
...\" ALL RIGHTS RESERVED (MOTIF).  See the file named COPYRIGHT.MOTIF for
...\" the full copyright text.
...\" 
...\" This software is subject to an open license. It may only be
...\" used on, with or for operating systems which are themselves open
...\" source systems. You must contact The Open Group for a license
...\" allowing distribution and sublicensing of this software on, with,
...\" or for operating systems which are not Open Source programs.
...\" 
...\" See http://www.opengroup.org/openmotif/license for full
...\" details of the license agreement. Any use, reproduction, or
...\" distribution of the program constitutes recipient's acceptance of
...\" this agreement.
...\" 
...\" EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, THE PROGRAM IS
...\" PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
...\" KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY
...\" WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY
...\" OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
...\" 
...\" EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, NEITHER RECIPIENT
...\" NOR ANY CONTRIBUTORS SHALL HAVE ANY LIABILITY FOR ANY DIRECT,
...\" INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
...\" DAMAGES (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION LOST PROFITS), HOWEVER CAUSED
...\" AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT
...\" LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN
...\" ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OR DISTRIBUTION OF THE PROGRAM OR THE
...\" EXERCISE OF ANY RIGHTS GRANTED HEREUNDER, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE
...\" POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
...\" 
...\" 
...\" HISTORY
.TH xmanimate 1X MOTIF "Demonstration programs"
.SH NAME
\*Lxmanimate\*O : an animation program using Motif
.SH SYNOPSIS
.sS
\*Lxmanimate\*O [-anim uidfile] [-speed speed_factor]
.sE
.SH DESCRIPTION
\*LXmanimate\*O
demonstrates the following Motif features:
     - declaration of icon/bitmap using UIL
     - exchange of value between UIL and C using Mrm.
     - use of the Motif form widget.
     - background procedure running while the client process
       is waiting for inputs (Xt intrinsics feature).
     
Xmanimate allows the user to animate a set of pixmaps in a window.
The pixmaps are not fixed by xmanimate but instead read at startup from
existing UID files. 

The syntax of all the 'animation.uid' files follows some simple rules and
one can easily add a new set of pixmaps to be animated using xmanimate.

dog.uil, plane.uil and superman.uil are tree examples of animation data 
files. (superman<N>.xbm are referenced in superman.uil). The default animation
is 'dog'. To run the demo with the other animations, use the command:

% xmanimate -anim plane

% xmanimate -anim superman

xmanimate.uil and xmanimate.c are the core components of the program.

speed_factor is a number between 0 and 100.


.SH Files
.nf
.ta 1.2i
XmdAnimate: the app-default file, which is very important for usability.
Try running something like: (XENVIRONMENT=XmdAnimate xmanimate) 

.fi
.SH X Defaults
The class of this application is \fIXmdAnimate\fR.  

.SH Editres: 
Xmanimate is Editres aware, so you can use 'editres' to see the
names of the widgets in the instance hierarchy.


