.\" $XConsortium: todo.man /main/4 1995/07/17 10:49:07 drk $
...\" @OPENGROUP_COPYRIGHT@
...\" COPYRIGHT NOTICE
...\" Copyright (c) 1990, 1991, 1992, 1993 Open Software Foundation, Inc.
...\" Copyright (c) 1996, 1997, 1998, 1999, 2000 The Open Group
...\" ALL RIGHTS RESERVED (MOTIF).  See the file named COPYRIGHT.MOTIF for
...\" the full copyright text.
...\" 
...\" This software is subject to an open license. It may only be
...\" used on, with or for operating systems which are themselves open
...\" source systems. You must contact The Open Group for a license
...\" allowing distribution and sublicensing of this software on, with,
...\" or for operating systems which are not Open Source programs.
...\" 
...\" See http://www.opengroup.org/openmotif/license for full
...\" details of the license agreement. Any use, reproduction, or
...\" distribution of the program constitutes recipient's acceptance of
...\" this agreement.
...\" 
...\" EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, THE PROGRAM IS
...\" PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
...\" KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY
...\" WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY
...\" OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
...\" 
...\" EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, NEITHER RECIPIENT
...\" NOR ANY CONTRIBUTORS SHALL HAVE ANY LIABILITY FOR ANY DIRECT,
...\" INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
...\" DAMAGES (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION LOST PROFITS), HOWEVER CAUSED
...\" AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT
...\" LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN
...\" ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OR DISTRIBUTION OF THE PROGRAM OR THE
...\" EXERCISE OF ANY RIGHTS GRANTED HEREUNDER, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE
...\" POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
...\" 
...\" 
...\" HISTORY
.TH todo 1X MOTIF "Demonstration programs"
.SH NAME
\*Ltodo\*O \(em Manage todo lists
.SH SYNOPSIS
.sS
\*Ltodo [-todoFile pathname] \*O
.sE
.SH DESCRIPTION
\*LTodo\*O
is a simple todo list manager.  It provides a demonstration of the
XmNotebook widget.  To use 
\*Ltodo\*O,  you should be able to simply run it
from any directory.  By default it reads its database from your
home directory,  but this can be overriden by \fIpathname\fR.
.SH Files
.nf
.ta 1.2i
$HOME/.todo	The user's todo list
.fi
.SH X Defaults
The class of this application is \fIXmDTodo\fR.  The name of the widgets
of particular interest are:

.nf
.ta 1.2i
notebook	The XmNotebook widget
text	The XmText widget
label	The status area XmLabel widget
.fi

To set a specific resource in your \fI.Xdefaults\fR file,  you specify the
particular widget and resource.  For example,  if we wished to assign specific
colors to the text widget's and notebook widget's background, we could
do the following:

.nf
.ta 3i
XmDTodo*notebook.background:	forestgreen
XmDTodo*text.background:	white
.fi

Additionally there is an application resource to set the default
todo file location:

.nf
.ta 3i
XmDTodo*todoFile:	/users/myhomedir/sometodofile
.fi

.SH BUGS

Todo can occationally get confused when pages are deleted.  Save the current
contents and reopen to resync the application in this case. New pages are
always prepended before the current page,  there should be a way to choose.
Ideally the display should use an XmCSText with rich text and not plain
ascii,  but that went beyond the scope of the demonstration.
