.\" $XConsortium: sampler2_0.man /main/5 1996/04/22 23:19:01 pascale $
...\" @OPENGROUP_COPYRIGHT@
...\" COPYRIGHT NOTICE
...\" Copyright (c) 1990, 1991, 1992, 1993 Open Software Foundation, Inc.
...\" Copyright (c) 1996, 1997, 1998, 1999, 2000 The Open Group
...\" ALL RIGHTS RESERVED (MOTIF).  See the file named COPYRIGHT.MOTIF for
...\" the full copyright text.
...\" 
...\" This software is subject to an open license. It may only be
...\" used on, with or for operating systems which are themselves open
...\" source systems. You must contact The Open Group for a license
...\" allowing distribution and sublicensing of this software on, with,
...\" or for operating systems which are not Open Source programs.
...\" 
...\" See http://www.opengroup.org/openmotif/license for full
...\" details of the license agreement. Any use, reproduction, or
...\" distribution of the program constitutes recipient's acceptance of
...\" this agreement.
...\" 
...\" EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, THE PROGRAM IS
...\" PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
...\" KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY
...\" WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY
...\" OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
...\" 
...\" EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, NEITHER RECIPIENT
...\" NOR ANY CONTRIBUTORS SHALL HAVE ANY LIABILITY FOR ANY DIRECT,
...\" INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
...\" DAMAGES (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION LOST PROFITS), HOWEVER CAUSED
...\" AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT
...\" LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN
...\" ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OR DISTRIBUTION OF THE PROGRAM OR THE
...\" EXERCISE OF ANY RIGHTS GRANTED HEREUNDER, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE
...\" POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
...\" 
...\" 
...\" HISTORY
.TH sampler2_0 1X MOTIF "Demonstration programs"
.SH NAME
\*Lsampler2_0\*O : a 2.0 features showcase
.SH SYNOPSIS
.sS
\*Lsampler2_0\*O
.sE
.SH DESCRIPTION
\*LSampler2_0\*O
provides a demonstration of of almost all the new visible
features the OSF/Motif 2.0 release. 

It uses a Notebook as its main component and each page demonstrates
one or more different new functionalities:
	  - Container in spatial layout

	  - Container in Outline

	  - PanedWindow

	  - CDE FileSelectionBox

	  - New ToggleButton types

	  - ComboBox, Spinbox and Thermometer Scale.


.SH Files
.nf
.ta 1.2i
XmdSampler2_0: the app-default file is very important for usability.
Try something like: XENVIRONMENT=XmdSampler2_0 sampler2_0

.fi
.SH X Defaults
The class of this application is \fIXmdSampler2_0\fR.  

.SH Editres: 
Sampler2_0 is Editres aware, so you can use 'editres' to see the
names of the widgets in the instance hierarchy.

.SH CDE:
Sampler2_0 app-defaults sets the CDE switch on, in
particular, the FileSB is the CDE one, the transfer is done
using Btn1 and the default drag icons are the CDE ones.
