.\" $XConsortium: filemanager.man /main/4 1995/07/17 10:47:16 drk $
...\" @OPENGROUP_COPYRIGHT@
...\" COPYRIGHT NOTICE
...\" Copyright (c) 1990, 1991, 1992, 1993 Open Software Foundation, Inc.
...\" Copyright (c) 1996, 1997, 1998, 1999, 2000 The Open Group
...\" ALL RIGHTS RESERVED (MOTIF).  See the file named COPYRIGHT.MOTIF for
...\" the full copyright text.
...\" 
...\" This software is subject to an open license. It may only be
...\" used on, with or for operating systems which are themselves open
...\" source systems. You must contact The Open Group for a license
...\" allowing distribution and sublicensing of this software on, with,
...\" or for operating systems which are not Open Source programs.
...\" 
...\" See http://www.opengroup.org/openmotif/license for full
...\" details of the license agreement. Any use, reproduction, or
...\" distribution of the program constitutes recipient's acceptance of
...\" this agreement.
...\" 
...\" EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, THE PROGRAM IS
...\" PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
...\" KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY
...\" WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY
...\" OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
...\" 
...\" EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, NEITHER RECIPIENT
...\" NOR ANY CONTRIBUTORS SHALL HAVE ANY LIABILITY FOR ANY DIRECT,
...\" INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
...\" DAMAGES (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION LOST PROFITS), HOWEVER CAUSED
...\" AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT
...\" LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN
...\" ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OR DISTRIBUTION OF THE PROGRAM OR THE
...\" EXERCISE OF ANY RIGHTS GRANTED HEREUNDER, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE
...\" POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
...\" 
...\" 
...\" HISTORY
...\" "
.TH filemanager 1X MOTIF "Demonstration programs"
.SH NAME
\*Lfilemanager\*O\(emdisplay directories in a container.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.sS
\*Lfilemanager\*O
.sE
.SH DESCRIPTION
\*LFilemanager\*O
provides a display of the contents of a directory as file and directory
icons.  You may run it anywhere and it allows customization of the 
icons and actions via the X resource mechanism.
.SH X Defaults
The class of this application is \fIXmDFilemanager\fR.  The following
are examples of the right resources to change.  "suffix" can be any
file suffix.  Pixmaps are specified in XPM format (see XmGetPixmap in the 
Programmer's Reference for details on this subject).  

Actions are specified as control strings for sprintf, where the %s is
substituted for by the pathname of the object. "default_file" is
defined as the type for unspecified non-executable files and
"default_exec" for unspecified executable files.

.nf
.ta .25i 4i
XmDFilemanager.types.suffix.largeIcon:	a large icon bitmap or pixmap
XmDFilemanager.types.suffix.smallIcon:	a small icon bitmap or pixmap
XmDFilemanager.types.suffix.action:	an action to take when activated
XmDFilemanager.types.default_file.action:		$EDITOR %s
XmDFilemanager.types.default_exec.action:		xterm -e %s
XmDFilemanager*XmContainer.OutlineButton.shadowThickness:  0
XmDFilemanager*XmContainer*foreground:	black
XmDFilemanager*XmContainer*background:	gray90
XmDFilemanager*XmContainer.selectColor:	lightblue
XmDFilemanager*XmContainer.outlineIndentation:	30
XmDFilemanager*XmContainer.expandedStatePixmap:	exp.xpm
XmDFilemanager*XmContainer.collapsedStatePixmap:	col.xpm
XmDFilemanager*XmContainer.outlineColumnWidth:	6cm
XmDFilemanager*XmContainer.detailTabList:	+3cm,+3cm,+3cm
XmDFilemanager*XmIconGadget.renderTable:	*helvetica-bold-r-*-10-*
XmDFilemanager*XmIconGadget.shadowThickness:	0
.fi
